[Music]
miss davyss ever since I've been on the
set I've heard nothing but discussion of
Eve may I have your opinion of her the
golden girl a covergirl girl next door
the girl on the moon times been very
good to eat life goes where she goes
she's been profiled covered revealed
reported what she wears and where and
when whom she knows and where she was
and when and where she's going
Eve had insatiable ambition and talent
an improbable person with a contempt for
Humanity an inability to love or be
loved
but how can such a woman fool so many
how does any ease to it
she's a girl of so many interest pretty
rare quality these days no girl have so
many rare quality so she seemed
oh you pointed out so often so many
qualities so on her loyalty efficiency
devotion warmth and affection and so
young so young and so fair ye my
understand didn't you know cause I knew
just slipped your mind
find out only thing what I go after I
want to go in I don't want it to come
after me I don't get out and please stop
acting as if I were the Queen Mother
sorry
outside of a beehive Margo your behavior
would hardly be considered either
queenly or mother you're an RBI pal
you know we're all busy little beans
full of stings making honey day and
night aren't we honey
very touching very Academy of Dramatic
Arts that bitter cynicism of yours is
something you've acquired since you left
read clear that cynicism you refer to I
cried the day I discovered I was
different from little boys come on get
up I'll buy you a drink
I'll admit I may have seen better days
but I'm still not to be had for the
price of a cocktail like a salted peanut
what's so funny nothing
[Music]